today we are going to make stuffed aubergines
first we will open them to the middle
we will think some cuts
we will put a little salt and a
little bit of oil and we will introduce them
baked
once the cuts are made so that the
heat between well inside the eggplant
and can be detached from the housing that
have we will add a little salt and
a splash of olive oil as soon as
is not preheated to 200 degrees the
furnace instruments as you will see the
meat is already peeling off the skin
then we separate the meat that has the
eggplant skin
and then once we have
done this we will apply half onion a
pair of garlic cloves and sauté the
meat with onion and cloves
once put garlic onion and down
we add the meat in henna
when we eat dinner this is what
we will incorporate a little meat
chopped in our case we have left over
the macaroni a little meat
chopped tomato if you do not feel like it
you can do it with minced meat
normal
the meat with onion tomato and the
garlic and everything mixed we incorporate it to
the shell that we have left the eggplant
then we will make a bechamel
complete one teaspoon butter
butter is dissolved
throw the flour when it is already done
the phase we are incorporating the milk
little by little
we already see a little salt
as we express it, we add it
milk to reduce the thickness and it will go
getting quantity
once the bechamel is done, we add
above and we will cover with a
little bit of grated cheese and we will remove
baked
Once the cheese has been removed, we have the
recipe made